PXC-docs-added-Quickstarts-and-updated-file (#146)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/Quickstart-Minikube.rst

   🤹  Downloading Kubernetes v1.14.0 images in the background ...
   💡  Tip: Use 'minikube start -p <name>' to create a new cluster, or 'minikube delete' to delete this one.
   🔄  Restarting existing virtualbox VM for "minikube" ...
   ⌛  Waiting for SSH access ...
   📶  "minikube" IP address is 127.99.254.140
   🐳  Configuring Docker as the container runtime ...
   🐳  Version of container runtime is 18.06.2-ce
   ⌛  Waiting for image downloads to complete ...
   ✨  Preparing Kubernetes environment ...
   🚜  Pulling images required by Kubernetes v1.14.0 ...
   🔄  Relaunching Kubernetes v1.14.0 using kubeadm ...
   ⌛  Waiting for pods: apiserver proxy etcd scheduler controller dns
   📯  Updating kube-proxy configuration ...
   🤔  Verifying component health ......
   💗  kubectl is now configured to use "minikube"
   🏄  Done! Thank you for using minikube!

Clone and Download the repository
---------------------------------

| Use the ``git clone`` command to download the correct branch of the
  **percona-xtradb-cluster-operator** repository.
| **Note:** *In the git statement, you must specify the correct branch
  with the -b option.*

.. code:: bash

>    $ git clone -b release-0.3.0 https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   $ git clone -b release-1.0.0 https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator
```

.. code:: bash

   $ kubectl create namespace pxc

The return statement confirms the action.

::

   namespace/pxc created

3. Set the current context for the rest of the commands. The namespace
   option defines the namespace scope.

.. code:: bash

   $ kubectl config set-context $(kubectl config current-context) --namespace=pxc

The return statement confirms the action.

::

   Context "minikube" modified.

5. Role-based access control (RBAC) is a way to regulate access to the
   computer or network resources.

.. code:: bash

   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/rbac.yaml

The return statement confirms the action.

::

   role.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator created
   rolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/default-account-percona-xtradb-cluster-operator created

6. An operator provides a method of managing a Kubernetes application.

.. code:: bash

   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/operator.yaml

The return statement confirms the action.

::

   deployment.apps/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator created

7. Store and manage sensitive information, such as passwords or ssh
   keys, in the secrets.yaml.

.. code:: bash

   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/secrets.yaml

> The return statement confirms the action.

Reviewer: add ssl secrets step

::

   secret/my-cluster-secrets created

8. Create the custom resource with the following command:

.. code:: bash

   $ kubectl apply -f deploy/cr.yaml

The return statement confirms the action.

::

   perconaxtradbcluster.pxc.percona.com/cluster1 created

Connecting to the Cluster
-------------------------

> After a few minutes, to allow for the cluster to be updated, use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 10 minutes, to allow for the cluster to be updated, use the
```
